UserManage License Agreement

BOYUU ELECTRIC USERMANAGE VERSION 1 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This UserManage End-User License Agreement 
("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single 
entity) and Boyuu Electric, Inc. for the Boyuu Electric SOFTWARE 
identified above, which includes the User Manual, any associated SOFTWARE 
components, any media, any printed materials other than the User Manual, 
and any "online" or electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE"). By installing, 
copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the 
terms of this EULA.  If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not 
install or use the SOFTWARE.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

(a)	Evaluation Copy.  You may use the SOFTWARE without charge on an 
evaluation basis for thirty (30) days from the day that you install the 
SOFTWARE.  You must pay the license fee and register your copy to continue 
to use the SOFTWARE after the thirty (30) days.  If you continue to use 
the SOFTWARE after the thirty (30) days without paying the license fee you 
will be using the SOFTWARE on an unlicensed basis.   


(b)	Redistribution of Evaluation Copy.  If you are using SOFTWARE on an 
evaluation basis you may make copies of the evaluation SOFTWARE as you wish; 
give exact copies of the original evaluation SOFTWARE to anyone; and 
distribute the evaluation SOFTWARE in its unmodified form via electronic 
means (Internet, BBS's, Shareware distribution libraries, CD-ROMs, etc.).  
You may not charge any fee for the copy or use of the evaluation SOFTWARE 
itself, but you may charge a distribution fee that is reasonably related 
to any cost you incur distributing the evaluation SOFTWARE (e.g. packaging).  
You must not represent in any way that you are selling the SOFTWARE 
itself.  Your distribution of the evaluation SOFTWARE will not entitle you 
to any compensation from Boyuu Electric.  You must distribute a copy of 
this EULA with any copy of the SOFTWARE and anyone to whom you distribute 
the SOFTWARE is subject to this EULA.


(c)	Registered Copy.  After you have purchased the license for SOFTWARE, 
and have received the serial number enabling the registered copy, you are 
licensed to copy the SOFTWARE only into the memory of the number of 
computers corresponding to the number of licenses purchased.  The primary 
user of the computer on which each licensed copy of the SOFTWARE is 
installed may make a second copy for his or her exclusive use on a 
portable computer.  Under no other circumstances may the SOFTWARE be 
operated at the same time on more than the number of computers for which 
you have paid a separate license fee.  You may not duplicate the SOFTWARE 
in whole or in part, except that you may make one copy of the SOFTWARE for 
backup or archival purposes.  You may terminate this license at any time 
by destroying the original and all copies of the SOFTWARE in whatever form.  
You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this EULA 
provided you transfer all copies of the SOFTWARE (including copies of all 
prior versions if the SOFTWARE is an upgrade) and retain none, and the 
recipient agrees to the terms of this EULA.


2. RESTRICTIONS.  You may not reverse engineer, de-compile, or disassemble 
the SOFTWARE, except and only to the extent that such activity is 
expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.  
You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE.  You may permanently 
transfer all of your rights under this EULA, provided the recipient agrees 
to the terms of this EULA.  You may not publish or publicly distribute any 
serial numbers, access codes, unlock-codes, passwords, or other end-user-
specific registration information that would allow a third party to 
activate the SOFTWARE without a valid license. 


3. SUPPORT SERVICES.  Boyuu Electric may provide you with support 
services related to the SOFTWARE.  Use of Support Services is governed by 
the Boyuu Electric polices and programs described in the user manual, in 
online documentation, and/or other Boyuu Electric-provided materials, as 
they may be modified from time to time.  Any supplemental SOFTWARE code 
provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part 
of the SOFTWARE and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.  


4. TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any other rights, Boyuu Electric may 
terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of 
this EULA.  In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE.


5. COPYRIGHT. The SOFTWARE is protected by China copyright law and 
international treaty provisions.  You acknowledge that no title to the 
intellectual property in the SOFTWARE is transferred to you.  You further 
acknowledge that title and full ownership rights to the SOFTWARE will 
remain the exclusive property of Boyuu Electric and you will not acquire 
any rights to the SOFTWARE except as expressly set forth in this license.  
You agree that any copies of the SOFTWARE will contain the same 
proprietary notices which appear on and in the SOFTWARE.


6. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  You agree that you will not export or re-export 
the SOFTWARE to any country, person, entity, or end user subject to U.S.A. 
export restrictions.  Restricted countries currently include, but are not 
necessarily limited to Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, and 
Syria.  You warrant and represent that neither the U.S.A. Bureau of Export 
Administration nor any other federal agency has suspended, revoked or 
denied your export privileges.


7.  LIMITED WARRANTY.  Boyuu Electric, Inc. warrants that the Software 
will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying written 
materials for a period of 90 days from the date of your receipt of the 
Software.  Any implied warranties on the Software are limited to 90 days.  
Some states do not allow limitations on duration of an implied warranty, 
so the above limitation may not apply to you.  Boyuu Electric, INC. 
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND 
THE ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS.  This limited warranty gives you 
specific legal rights.  You may have others, which vary from state to state.


8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL Boyuu Electric OR ITS 
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE DELIVERY, PERFORMANCE, OR 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF Boyuu Electric HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN ANY EVENT, Boyuu Electric'S LIABILITY 
FOR ANY CLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY 
WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF U.S.$1.00 OR LICENSE FEE PAID BY YOU.  


9. MISCELLANEOUS. If you acquired the SOFTWARE in the China, this 
EULA is governed by the laws of the China.  If you acquired 
the SOFTWARE outside of the China, then local laws may apply.


If you have any questions concerning this EULA or wish to contact Boyuu 
Electric for any reason, please write: Boyuu Electric, Inc., A-1501, 
Xijing Electrical Center, No.3, Dianzi Street(West), High-Tech Zone, 
Xi'an City, Shaanxi Province, PRC; or call 029 87308775/6; or 
send electronic mail to support@boyuu.com.cn.